## Read Me
For this guide, it is assumed that the user is familiar with basic command-line arguments, such as SSH and NMCLI, for troubleshooting networking issues. To recreate this project, the user must assemble the camera system as described in the report. Once the user has successfully assembled the camera system. It is recommended that the user install a Linux-based operating system, preferably the Raspberry Pi operating system Raspbian. Make sure you name the user “cam” and create two folders on the desktop called “Camera_Tests” and “timelapseTest”. To use the camera modules, rpicam is usually pre-installed with the Raspbian operating system. However, if the user purchased the same Arducam cameras, they would need to follow their instructions to install the library dependencies Arducam has made specifically for their camera modules.

Now that all physical hardware and basic software are installed, the user can go into the “Camera_Tests” folder and clone the repository called “StereoCameraROV” for my Python script. Now the user should go into the cloned repository and move the “camera.service” file from the “StereoCameraROV” folder into the “~ /etc/systemd/system/” directory and reboot the operating system. The user should see the green LED on the PCB turn on to indicate the program is operational. Another way to confirm that the program is working is to use a magnet to test that the reed switch runs the image capture command and saves it into the “timelapseTest” folder. The user can also add a VNC server to the Raspberry Pi for any maintenance or moving the files from the “timelapseTest” directory. For this project, though, I used a flash drive to move the files over, as it was faster than zipping the images and transferring them using SCP or some other file transfer protocol.

